Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining me again today.
We're going to go over some of the things the Lord showed us in this last video three days ago.
I've taken some time to pray over what the Lord has been showing me.
Some of the things, like I always talk to you all about, is knowing your audience.
Now, what the Lord has been showing me the last 48 hours really strong is concerning the leadership in the church.
Everybody's a leader in the body of Christ.
You're leading somebody.
There's always somebody watching.
But whenever God puts his hand on you to lead as a pastor, teacher, evangelist, or prophetic voice, too much is given, much is required.
As I was praying, the word has been very heavy to the point where I didn't want to come across making a video last night as fear.
I want to be precise in how I'm saying things so that you can take it to God in prayer.
Everything I say is my opinion of what the Holy Spirit is showing me and what I feel the Lord is leading me in prayer to.
Right now, he's examining his troops.
He told me, 'I'm examining my leadership.
I'm examining the troops.
' He started talking to me about how all the children of Israel, because there was doubt and unbelief in them, that generation didn't get to go on and experience the promise because they said, 'We're the size of grasshoppers.
' They didn't go and inherit the land because they were afraid.
They didn't do what God had called them to do.
So, a whole generation had to pass away, other than just a handful, to go and take the promised land, Canaan—the beautiful milk and honey—but the giants were in the land, right?
As I was praying, he was relaying that there's a lot of elders and people that are in ministry right now where there's going to be a real reshaping of the body of Christ.
He's talking about the body of Christ as a whole.
A lot of times, as charismatics, we think because we're baptized in the Holy Ghost and we walk with the giftings, he's really talking about us, but he's talking about everybody.
He said, 'I'm shaking the church to awaken the church.
' The church isn't just charismatics; the church is the body of Christ—everybody.
He started talking to me about Rome back 1,500 or 2,000 years ago, back when Jesus was on the earth.
If you were to tell them then that Rome would cease to exist in the way they were, they would have laughed at you.
Nobody is more powerful than Rome.
Their army, their bridges, their roads, their infrastructure is superb.
But that Rome and that power doesn't exist anymore.
There's a changing of the tide and a changing of things coming.
There's a shaking to awaken.
There's a new financial system that's about to be rebirthed, a new global digital currency.
The United States of America, over the last 100 years plus, has been the top dog in the schoolyard.
You look at the United States and they're the supreme military, the best of everything.
But for the first time ever, I saw military things taking place on our own home soil.
Not a civil war per se, but an actual invasion like a Trojan horse.
I keep seeing this 'enemy within,' and I saw a wounded eagle.
I saw this wounded eagle, this wounded bird; the dove that was laying had trusted in that.
I saw the dove with two black crows and a beautiful cardinal that took the dove's heart.
I saw a dove of peace dead on the ground, and I saw the heart that was ripped out of the dove by the two black crows.
The Lord has been talking to me about the church and the shaking of this nation.
As he said, 'the eyes of the Lord run to and fro.
' He brought up the scripture 2 Chronicles 16:9.
'For the eyes of the Lord run to and fro throughout the whole earth to show himself strong on behalf of those whose heart is loyal to him.
In this you may have done foolishly; therefore, from now on you shall have wars.
' As I was looking, he was examining his troops, his bride, and his leadership.
He started talking to me about the shaking to awaken.
From Psalm 17:8: 'Keep me as the apple of thy eye; hide me under the shadow of thy wings.
' As he's examining you, he's examining the hearts.
There was so much compromise and mixture in the hearts over the body of Christ, and he was calling for a pure bride to come to his side, calling forth the church to wake up out of this slumber.
Psalm 17:8: 'Keep me as the apple of thy eye; hide me under the shadow of thy wings.
' That's where we all should be, examining our hearts that we are the apple of his eye.
2 Chronicles 16:9: 'The eye of the Lord is running to and fro looking at the hearts.
' This was my heart's cry as I was praying this out and travailing in the spirit.
I come to Psalm 17:8.
As his eyes were gazing upon us, what does he see in you and me as leaders, like you're blowing the horn on the wall warning of the second coming of Jesus?
We're all looking for the rapture.
We're about to experience the greatest outpouring and move of the Spirit of the Lord we've ever seen, and many people don't believe.
Can we take the land for Jesus in Cuba, Venezuela, Brazil, Thailand, South Korea, or North Korea?
As I told you, there were highways in the spirit realm that we would translate.
You'll be preaching in one area and then all of a sudden be translated to another area, and God will have us minister to a group of people.
But taking that doubt and unbelief of the old generation because they've never seen it before—he said, 'I'm examining my troops, and there'll be some of them that will not make it to what I've called them to in this next promised land, to this revival.
' I'm done with the tongue that is against—if you're not for him, you're against him.
If you're not going to start saying out your mouth, we're going to have the greatest revival this world has ever seen.
And I saw new young Davids; I saw new young Esthers.
And he started saying, 'I heard it so loud: "If I perish, I perish.
If I perish, I perish.
"' When Mordecai said to Esther, 'Haven't you been called to the kingdom for such a time as this?
Haven't you been called to the kingdom for such a time as this?
' And he said, 'I'm examining the hearts.
Is there fear in it to what I've asked you to do?
Who is on the Lord's side?
' I know it’s about knowing my audience, and that's why I was praying over there.
I said, 'Who is on the Lord's side?
' because the babies don't get it, but you veterans understand what I'm talking about.
And I saw a cleansing coming of older, huge ministries—mega-ministries that have TV programs, staffs of many people, and a transition.
And he said, 'Some of these will not even exist in the months ahead.
For some of these, their time has come; their season is over.
' And you will see one that was be no more, and one that wasn't be.
And I saw a rising up of new faces that will come out of nowhere.
And I saw them taking the land.
I saw a bulldog faith coming on people that just say, 'If I perish, I perish.
' They're not worried about themselves.
They're not worried about the finances.
They're not worried about what people think.
He said, 'I'll raise up people to fund this with creative ideas to get wealth, to fund this end-time move.
' And the Lord said, 'Brandon, there's not enough preparation in the heart.
There's not enough going higher.
' I saw so many eagles that were plucking with the chickens, and I was one of them.
He was correcting me.
He said, 'You think too much about what other people think.
If you want to be a mouthpiece in this next wave, you've got to fly above all this Christian turbulence and be set apart.
There's no compromise in this—no worrying about what sister clipboard thinks.
Who cares what sister clipboard thinks or brother busybody?
Just fly like an eagle.
An eagle doesn't care about what those other chickens are doing; he's looking at them as prey.
I mean, that's what an eagle usually does.
But it's time to come up higher.
I'm not saying we're eating our own; that's probably a bad illustration.
But he's looking for snakes.
An eagle is looking for the serpent.
An eagle's looking for the rattlesnake, the cobra, or whatever he can do to pluck its head and eat it.
That's a better illustration.
You like that one?
That's better.
I like that.
The eagle's looking for his lunch, but he's not down on the bottom plucking away like a chicken.
The chicken doesn't know what's coming.
An eagle does because he's up high enough to see what's coming.
And as we are praying over this nation, just as Rome fell, America will be humbled.
America will be humbled and shaken to awaken.
We have a window of opportunity.
We're praying for our president in this opportunity.
As he said, 'Don't be an ostrich that sticks its head in the sand.
' We become so complacent with time.
Yesterday's news—we can hear about something major that happened, like a Charlie Kirk thing or whatever, and something huge happens back last year—but a lot of people go back to their Monday through Friday.
They've got their nose to the grindstone, and they're going with all their heart just trying to make it and barely getting by.
You get distracted with the water that's getting hotter and hotter all around you.
And that's what he was talking to me about.
I saw something that didn't make my flesh happy.
And he's looking for the people that will say, 'If I perish, I perish.
I'm sold out.
' It's easy to be a parrot.
I was listening to a sermon—I won't say which one—and it was really good.
It blessed me.
Everything the individual was saying was about fire, talking about the glory, but afterward they said, 'We're going to lay hands on people at the end of the service and we're going to experience this, right?
' And it was like touching a cold stove.
I watched as there was no manifestation of what the individual preached.
They were so excited and enthusiastic, and the sermon tried to stir everybody up.
It was one of those where you go, but there was no demonstration after the sermon was over.
As I watched, the Lord said, 'I want you to see something.
' He said, 'This comes out of refiner's fire.
This level of glory—find the scripture—for the greater glory comes by the refining.
It comes by the refining, and the greater the suffering, the greater the glory and the manifestation of the glory.
' And he said it's on individuals like it was William Seymour, like it was Smith Wigglesworth.
I asked why it was on these men, and it was the refining fire—'If I perish, I perish.
' Like Esther, like what she said, there's a key to it.
We can parrot a lot of things and we can say some things that some other elders say because it sounds good.
We can stir up the crowd, and people start hooting and hollering.
But there's a level of the glory, a level of the manifested presence of God that I'm after.
I was listening to the parrot of the sermon.
You walk away and they're saying, 'Oh, we're going to have fire in here afterward and the glory of God's going to show.
' And it was like touching a cold stove.
You walk away and you go, 'Was that it?
' That sermon lasted for over an hour and a half, and that was the glory?
Does that make sense?
From suffering to glory.
For I consider that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us, Romans 8.
For I consider that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us.
It comes with the glory.
The greater outpouring comes with pressure.
He's not going to share His glory with anyone.
But I saw as you go vertical, you attract to deflect.
You attract to deflect as you're that mirror, and you're always shining it up to Him.
It's the reflection of the mirror.
As people are looking at you, you always point them to the Father.
It's the level of what I saw coming, that He's raising up new voices and new faces in what's about to happen.
But the church that we've always known is going to change in a major way in the days ahead.
You'll pinch yourself and even look back and say, 'I remember when,' for how we've done church in the past will be no more.
We're going to do something new that's never been done before.
It will be fueled by fire.
It will be fueled by prayer.
Ignited by His Spirit.
No.
What did Brother Hagin say?
'Ignited with His glory.
' Yeah, Ignited with His glory.
Filled by fire.
Tell me what it is in the comments section.
But what the Lord was showing me was it's going to be fueled by prayer.
And the Lord was showing me about the igniting and the last outpouring will be something that we've never seen before—where it's coming from and us being bold.
Are we the size of grasshoppers in these giants' eyes?
Can Cuba be saved?
Can Venezuela be saved?
Can we see LA be saved?
Can we see Portland, Oregon have a major revival?
Can we see Chicago—in the hood and the ghetto of Chicago—have a move of God?
Can Chicago be touched with the fire of the Holy Ghost, with the Bloods and the Crips and the gang members?
Can we see the greatest move of God in Brooklyn, in the worst parts of New York?
Is it Harlem?
What is it?
I don't know.
Skid Row.
Can God come in and shake Skid Row?
Oh no, we're the size of grasshoppers.
That's when he said, 'I'm it.
' He's killing that in people as he's examining us and he was showing me it's time for us to wake up.
And that's what he's been dealing with me about.
It was heavy.
And as I was in deep prayer over this, he started to say, 'Brandon, I have to do something different because I'm out of time.
And I'm raising up people that are on fire for me, that are just sold out, that say, "If I perish, I perish.
"' You're not afraid of death.
You're not afraid of that.
Because I was looking at it, I said, 'Lord, we see people dying.
We see this happening.
' I watched Private Ryan for Memorial Day and it's a very bloody movie.
I'd never seen it before, but I was doing it.
It was on my heart.
And you say, 'Well, Brandon, you think God told you to watch Private Ryan?
' It's about honoring the troops that fell on the beaches of Normandy.
As I saw them take that beach and the Germans were beating them down with those bullets and they were just shredding their bodies with stuff, and I watched them men fight as they were going up that hill to get that, I thought, 'My God, what did they fight for?
' They fought for us to have freedom to be able to do what we're doing right now.
They fought for us to have freedom for religion, to be able to have our Bill of Rights to do the things that we need right now for revival that's about to happen.
And I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, it takes...
people are so limp-wristed.
You're so metrosexual.
Skinny jeans and fog machines, and you can't tell if you're homosexual, if you're really a male.
Do you have what it takes to be that bulldog on a bone?
Or are you just going to be limp-wristed, sir?
You're going to have to have some testosterone up in here.
And we're going to have to be like the mighty men of war with David.
And there's so many people that have no...
well, you know, I'm just like, 'Get out of my way.
' I'll never be friends.
Don't ever try to talk to me.
Either you got it or you don't.
Either you want to fight for what God has given us or we're going to lose it.
Let me give you an example of why I'm as radical inside tonight than I've ever been before.
I want to read this.
Move over, baby.
I can't see it.
Fueled by prayer.
Fired by the spirit.
Ignited with the glory.
Fueled by prayer.
Fired by the spirit.
Ignited with his glory.
Now you want to know why I'm passionate tonight.
And you say, 'Well, what do you mean by being limp-wristed?
' I'm talking about people who are just passively getting by and you have no testosterone.
You're a weak, wimpy man.
That's what I'm talking about.
This is the trash I'm talking about.
I want to show you what happened in England today.
And this is coming to America.
This is coming to America if you don't wake up.
I'm telling you, this is the trash they're going to push on our kids in the coming days.
In England, they're taking them...
here, play.
So public school systems do this now, huh?
So you want to let your kids learn how to be Islam?
Limp-wristed men let that happen.
Good for him.
Do you see it?
That's what I'm talking about.
They're going to push it down your throat and you're either going to swallow it or you're going to spew it all over them.
You're not going to ever cause my kids to bow down to a false god.
The only person who ever died for you was Jesus Christ.
And there's no other way to the Father except through him.
Muhammad didn't save you.
Buddha didn't save you.
The devil can't help you.
There's no other religion other than the Lord Jesus Christ.
There's no other way to the Father other than him.
Good for that young man for saying, 'I ain't bowing to your false god.
' But this is what I'm trying to tell you.
As the church is so passive, people get upset when I talk about having firearms.
I got firearms all around me all the time.
I carry a gun on me.
I carry a gun in my car.
I got more clips than I've got toothpaste in my house.
I'm telling you, people get mad at me.
Get mad.
Go away.
I don't care.
I don't want you here.
But I'm going to tell you, if you don't get radical for Jesus...
you say, 'Well, what does that have to do?
' Because our founding fathers...
well, the ones that died on the beach of Normandy, and George Washington that suffered, and their troops all fought for your freedom.
Every single one of them died on that battlefield.
But they didn't do it with an ink pen.
They didn't do it, sister, with a little clipboard.
They did it with a musket.
Some of them with not very good rifles from what I was watching.
But it took some guts to take the land and say, 'No, you're not going to kill all these Jews.
No, we're not all going to be speaking German.
' And now there's a lot of God-fearing Germans that watch me, but Hitler was a tyrant.
And the same kind of Antichrist spirit is coming again.
And as long as we are here, we will occupy and take the land for Jesus.
And we pray and we intercede.
But there's going to have to be some of that bulldog faith that says, 'No, not in my house.
You're not doing this.
' As you see these little kids bowing down to Muhammad, the false gods in schools, and you go, 'What is going on?
Is that normal?
' No, that's not normal.
It bothers me a lot.
And maybe you're watching the wrong channel because I'm not going to sit idly by and watch schools here.
I'm going to pray.
I'm going to do what we got to do.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, what do you think we should do?
' We got to speak out at our school boards.
I'm not talking about people getting violent, but I'm talking about whenever it comes down to our war and what's going on right now.
We're fighting an enemy that has more of a backbone saying, 'Listen, we're going to fight America.
' They're still crying out 'Death to America' all across Iran right now.
I saw the videos and I'm like, we're trying to liberate you.
We're trying to help you, and these crazy people are in the streets yelling 'Death to America' still, and I'm like, what in the world's going on with them?
We're trying to take out your government to help you have a freedom to get away and they're still in the streets yelling 'Death to America.
' And I'm thinking, my God, I thought, 'That's a difference in culture, huh?
' Something ain't right.
So, we pray for the people.
We pray for our troops.
As I watched Saving Private Ryan, like I saw that movie was so real to me.
It shook me.
I'd never seen it before.
And I went, 'Oh my gosh, this is a lot.
This is over the top what those men went through.
Thank God for their service.
' But they didn't do that and die on that beach with blood everywhere and guts and everything for you to lose your freedom.
Our Bill of Rights.
I told you what will be challenged.
The First Amendment will be challenged greatly in 2028.
Your First Amendment rights will be challenged greatly.
And I saw a web that was wrapped around by a spider all the way across it.
And the spider had built a web all around the First Amendment.
And it was trying to come after the Second Amendment.
And it had a black line and it couldn't get through it.
Remember that?
And I said it was trying to wrap the Second Amendment.
I don't know.
I just want to say I'm cut from a different thing than a lot of y'all.
There's some of you that think like me and know that it's time to get radical for Jesus and preach the second coming of the Lord.
And it's time to wake up.
Jesus Christ is coming.
And we have so many people that are just so brainwashed.
There are a lot of you who are brainwashed.
I walk away and I have to be quiet for three days because I get so frustrated with it.
I just have to take a break and listen to Him being quiet because I hear Him and He is not screaming.
He's a still, small voice.
If you want to know what He's saying, you have to get quiet in the flower bed.
You have to get quiet in your place pulling weeds.
Keep cleaning toilets.
Whatever you have to do, He'll talk to you, but He's not in all of the clutter.
It's interesting because I watch; there is so much—He's so reserved.
He's so self-controlled.
He is the fruit of the spirit.
Everything about the Holy Spirit is the fruit of the spirit: love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, and self-control.
He's not like a church social where everybody is talking.
He's reserved and He's poised, and everything about Him is amazing.
Every single time He talks to me, it's always correction and leading me.
He's always about being a leader and a backbone.
Many of you don't know Him.
You think you do, but you don't.
Even with a glimpse of what I have, He is awesome.
Every single time He talks, He's not in the clutter.
He takes you to get quiet in the flower bed.
As you see, I have dirt all under my nails; I pull weeds.
He talks in the fellowship, in the communion of that still, small voice.
Then it gets loud.
He talked to me about Modi today, the man who is over India.
I could see the plans.
I could see the oil fields burning.
I could see the petrodollar.
I could see so much.
As that cloak came on me so strong while I was worshipping and singing, the glory came on me.
I went into a Home Depot and saw a man.
I could hear in the spirit—the two people standing together as I was underneath that glory—I could see that he was going to rip him off in business.
I didn't say anything, but when that glory is on me, I am able to see about business and stuff.
The Lord talks to me about money and business, and He'll say, 'This right here is not good.
That guy is going to rip him off, Brandon.
' I said, 'Well, what am I supposed to do about that?
' It's talking.
It's fellowship.
It's getting out of all the YouTube clutter.
There's so much clutter.
He is that still, small voice.
There is so much church drama.
I guess that's why I'm like the one called in the wilderness, and I'm on the backside of the desert a lot.
I love being by myself with just my kids and my wife.
I couldn't care less; I could go away and never talk to any of you again.
You know what I'm saying?
That's why I feel like I go on the backside, but the Lord said, 'I called you and I need your help.
' I want you all just to get it: we have what it takes to win the nations for Jesus.
We are not the size of grasshoppers; we are the giants in the land.
The devil is running from us; we're not running from him.
We will take the land for Jesus with Holy Ghost and fire.
But sometimes it requires war.
Ask our brothers who went to Vietnam.
Ask the Pearl Harbor victims.
Ask Desert Storm.
Ask our troops in Afghanistan when we abandoned our post because of Sleepy Joe Biden and left all our military equipment over there.
Ask these idiots who are running our country, some of them in the last administration.
Then we have what's going on in Britain right now.
It's all being set up for the end times.
I understand it.
But we must arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen on us.
You have to learn how to protect your family, too.
Say, 'Listen, my kid is not going to school that day.
We're not doing that.
' Like that young man right there standing down: 'I'm not bowing to your God.
' I'd like to shake his hand and say, 'Good for you, buddy.
' All the sheep.
Next clip.
Yeah, Kharg Island.
Yeah, I see it burning.
I've been praying over this.
A major attack is coming and wiping out the infrastructure of this oil all over this island.
It's according to NASA FIRMS data.
They're saying there are fires reported.
I saw attacks all over this, and it was not America; it was Israel.
I saw oil trying to go to $200 a barrel.
There was great anti-Semitism that rose up all across the land because of this.
China and Modi in India were all going to Russia trying to figure out how they could get their oil supply and things that are about to happen.
I saw this island completely engulfed in flames.
It's happening a little bit, not to the extreme that I saw it, but they shot down drones in the strait.
They're shooting down the boats and all this.
So we see what's happening with that island now.
A meteor strike into Mayon Volcano in the Philippines at the Mayon.
Did I say that right?
Yeah, the Mayon Volcano in the Philippines, as the volcano was erupting.
Signs in the heavens, signs in the earth.
What are the odds?
That's pretty cool.
Braden showed me that.
I thought, 'Wow, that's pretty sweet.
' Signs in heaven, signs in the earth.
Next.
The Rio Grande is drying up.
There is no rain, no water.
There are parts of the Rio Grande you're able to drive across.
No water in the Rio Grande for the traffickers.
Now they're still talking about Ivanka.
Trump said he went to the doctor today.
Trump has finished his annual medical and dental checkup at Walter Reed and is heading back to the White House soon.
We just pray for his veins, his heart, and his body, that he lives long and finishes strong.
Then we had the shooting, and this lady—they've gotten memes all over the internet from this lady diving down.
The other lady is like, 'What is it?
' She didn't know what was going on.
They're shooting all behind her.
We have our President; we have to pray for his life and protection.
And then there are mushroom clouds.
There is a major explosion in Lebanon.
I wonder what that's about.
It's a pretty big deal.
All the things that are happening right now are pretty crazy.
So, other than that, it was a pretty slow news day.
Is there anything else you've done?
Yeah, I'm done.
Well, thank you, B.
You did a good job.
Everybody say, 'Yay, Braden.
' I know I probably come across sometimes as a jerk, but I don't know how else to say it other than I see what the Lord shows me: a new Rome, a new shaking, and all these things.
The only way now to say it is to come across as blunt and as bold as I can.
Because now, the ones who have ears to hear will hear, and the ones who don't—you are in trouble.
I'll be real with you.
If you don't have ears to hear what the Spirit of the Lord is saying, and He's not speaking to you, and you're not preparing yourself in this Bible and reading it until it becomes a foundation in your life, it's a scary time for the world.
We're going to see things accelerate on a level that we've never seen before, going from now until September.
It may come across like, 'Brandon, why are you saying all this stuff?
' It's because I'm trying to rattle the cages of the people who are asleep—whatever it takes to get you to wake up out of your slumber.
Say, "Listen, we've got to take the land for Jesus.
The greatest revival that we've ever seen before is standing right in front of us.
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
And I was just watching those sermons and I'm like, what does it take?
The William Seymours, the R.
W.
Schambach, the Oral Roberts, the Jack Coe, the amazing people that walked back in the 50s, 60s, or 40s—I don't know—and they saw great mighty signs and wonders.
And we've got to be that generation now that takes the baton and says, 'As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord and we will be victorious in what God has set us out to do.
And if I perish, I perish.
' You're going to take communion with me and pray for a little bit.
I'm sure I've ticked some of you off, but I don't know what else to tell you because you ain't hearing it in your seeker-friendly church.
You're getting a watered-down message.
They give you enough to bypass.
And sometimes I think these people are working for the deep state.
Some of them are the Illuminati.
Some of your pastors are actually part of the deep state.
They're actually being paid off by the government to teach you nothing.
And you go to it because you have no discernment.
But I'm saying there's a lot of it where they are feeding you this porridge, lukewarm gospel to keep you anemic and limp-wristed so that you're not able to stand for what's about to happen.
And you'll be the ones that are passively going, 'Here am I.
I surrender.
' Thank God for George Washington when the king said, 'You're not doing that.
' Taxation without representation, right?
The Boston Tea Party, Paul Revere, our heroes of the nation, the George Washingtons, the Thomas Jeffersons—the people that said, 'Listen, we're going to have a nation that's free.
' Freezing to death out there, cold with their muskets, single shots, loading it down, trying to keep alive.
Thank God for people like that as we had Memorial Day this weekend.
Thank God that they didn't say, 'Well, we'll just surrender to the king and the queen.
' Chapter 2: Prayer.
Father, I'm thankful for all our founding fathers.
I'm thankful, Father, for where we are as a nation.
And Father, as for us, they try to poison our food and our water with all this extra estrogen, and men aren't men anymore.
It seems like there's some of them that fight inside of them.
But Lord, I ask you, God, to stir on the inside of people.
Give them that bulldog—the devil ain't stealing our land.
The devil's not taking what belongs to us.
We will fight for the right to pray and be able to read our Bible and to say what the Bible tells us to say, and they ain't taking our rights and privileges with our First Amendment.
To say you ain't allowed to do that anymore?
Oh no you don't.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that this is the generation that will not taste death.
We are the generation that rises up and says enough is enough.
We'll have revival.
We're going to see revival.
We're going to see the move of God all throughout this land.
And we will take it for Jesus as the mighty moving force.
The Tommy Hicks vision that the giant rises up and joins together and says we will have a major move of God.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, for the body that you suffered and died for every one of us, that we don't have to have sickness and disease in our hearts.
We don't have to have bondage.
We don't have to have mental torment.
We don't have to have the principalities and these powers trying to knock us down, for you've given us dominion and authority over all of them according to Ephesians.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus and we thank you, Lord, for the greater glory.
We have it inside of us and we're excited because you've called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord, for our founding fathers.
Thank you, Lord, for our troops.
Thank you, Lord, for all the ones that protect this nation.
And we're so grateful, Father, that what I've seen coming, that we're on the right side of it because we're flying with you high like an eagle and we're not down on the ground plucking like chickens.
Every single person who's watching this right now is an eagle.
We are eagles and we are soaring on wings like eagles.
We're flying high and we take this blood right now and we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over California.
Gavin Newsom and all these evil people, politicians, Father, will not keep going the way they're going, destroying our nation.
But Father, we'll have good people, this Spencer Pratt or whoever, Father, these people that are running for office that will rise up and talk about Jesus.
They may not have any experience, Lord, but Father, I ask you to anoint them to do it.
Mike Lindells and Brians, Father, people over Oklahoma, people over these areas, Father, that they would rise up and have a backbone and say, 'Listen, we're not going to tolerate this anymore.
We will have a God-fearing land again because if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and turn from our wicked ways...
' Father, I thank you, Lord.
You said you would heal our land.
And Father, I'm calling for revival from sea to shining sea, from the Gulf all the way up to Canada.
I'm calling over the Rockies, from the Smokies.
Father, I'm calling a revival in the name of Jesus—healings and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory all over Cuba, all over Venezuela, all over these areas.
We're calling for a major outpouring of the spirit of the Lord like we've never seen before.
But revival starts with us.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that light is shining so bright on our face like it did Moses that people see it in the highways and the byways, Father, all around.
Father, they see the glory all around us and they say, 'What must I do to be saved?
What must I do to be saved?
' We take the blood and we apply it.
Anything you want to show me tonight, Lord?
If there's anything, Lord, we're not here to perform, but we're here just to yield to you.
And if there's nothing you want to show me, God, I'm not here to perform for any of these people.
I'm here just to surrender my all to you.
Whatever you have need of, God, I will serve you.
For I fear you, Lord, not man.
I fear you, God, not man.
And if we perish, we perish.
But we will serve you until our last breath.
We will fight for our freedoms.
We will fight for our Bill of Rights.
We will fight for what you've told us we could have.
And we won't sit back idly by and allow the devil to come and steal and destroy our house.
But we rise up with a backbone like a crowbar and we say, 'Satan, thus far and no further, you will not do what you're doing.
' We thank you, Father, for the blood.
And we apply the blood right now in the name of Jesus.
It never loses its power.
This song was on my heart all day today.
I sang it: 'But until then, my heart will go on singing; until then with joy I'll carry on, until the day my eyes behold my Jesus, until the day God calls me home.
' Sing it again, B.
I like that.
'And until then, my heart will go on singing.
And until then with joy I'll carry on, until the day my eyes behold my Jesus, until the day God calls me home.
' Oh, Father, I love you.
We're so passionate about what you've called us to do in these last days.
'But until then, my heart will go on singing.
And until then with joy I'll carry on, until the day my eyes behold my Jesus, until the day God calls me home.
' Father, we love you.
Until the day we will go on singing.
Until then, we'll go on singing with joy; I'll carry on until the day when my eyes behold my Jesus, until the day God calls me home.
He's coming soon, sooner than a lot of you think.
But until then, my heart will go on singing; with joy, I'll carry on until the day my eyes behold—it says 'that city,' but I believe it is Jesus—until the day God calls me home.
Oh, Father, we're going to go on singing.
We're going to push with all we've got and occupy until you come.
Do you know?
Braden, sing, find that; Braden typed this in.
He walked the streets of Calvary; the rugged cross he bore.
The crowd stood by and watched this man; they heard him preach before.
He knew me, yet he loved me, he whose glory makes the heaven shine.
No, that's the rugged cross.
So I cherish—while you're looking—the old rugged cross until my trophies at last I lay down.
I will cling to the old rugged cross and exchange it someday for a crown.
That old rugged cross, so despised by the world...
Did you find the one?
If you didn't, that's fine; we can move on.
I just have to find the vein.
Worthy, worthy, worthy.
For when he was on the cross, I was on his mind.
He knew me, yet he loved me, he whose glory makes the heaven shine.
No one's worthy of such mercy; when he was on the cross, I was on his mind.
Father, we worship you tonight.
Thank you, Father, that when you were on the cross, Lord, we were on your mind.
Life is easy when you're up on the mountain and you've got peace of mind like you've never known.
But when things change, when you're down in the valley, don't lose faith, for you're never alone.
And the God on the mountain is still God in the valley.
When things go wrong, he'll make them right.
And the God of the good times is still God in the bad times; the God of the day is still God in the night.
We talk of faith when we're up on the mountain, but talk comes so easy when life's at its best.
But in the valley of trials and temptations, that's where your faith is really put to the test.
And the God on the mountain is still God in the valley.
When things go wrong, he'll make them right.
And the God in the good times is still God in the bad times; the God of the day is still God in the night.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that you're the God of the day and you're the God of the night.
And we're so grateful, Father.
There you go, baby, you found it.
He walked the streets of Calvary; the rugged cross he bore.
The crowd stood by and watched this man; they heard him preach before.
No one could ever be worthy of such love; I'd never find.
When he was on the cross, I was on his mind.
The look of love was on his face, the thorns on his head; the blood that stained his scarlet robe had stained it crimson red.
His eyes were on the crowd that day, yet he looked ahead in time; when he was on the cross, I was on his mind.
He knew me, yet he loved me, he whose glory makes the heaven shine.
No one's worthy of such mercy; when he was on the cross, he had me on his mind.
Father, we're so grateful for what's on your heart tonight.
Oh Father, as we praise you, we worship you.
We press in deeper into that river.
Lord, we worship you.
Holy, holy, holy Lord.
You know, there are a thousand different directions you can go every single time you come on here.
It's like whenever you have all these voices of the world, they come at you from all different directions: 'Pray for this, pray for that.
' You can have pinpoint precise prayers because everything's important, or you can pray what's on his heart, pray where the flow is.
Finding the vein—that's what I always do when I get quiet.
You have to find the vein for where he's wanting you to go for that day.
It's like having a scattershot versus hitting the bullseye.
And when you're praying in the spirit and you push yourself over into that river, it's the flow of that river concerning Israel, concerning what's coming for this nation, concerning our president.
There are so many things that are good ideas, but are they God-inspired ideas for today?
What does he have for you today?
It's like the only way I can describe it to you is like a path—you can see the beautiful path that's not wide, it's very thin and you snake through it.
It's a winding like this, and I can go through the side, over the side of this mountain, going around the side.
And it was when you cross over into that bend, into that place of worship, finding the songs that are what he wants to hear today.
Just because I sang them last night doesn't mean that's what he wanted today.
Finding what is on the pulse today; where is the vein?
That's the only way I know how to describe it to you in the natural.
Finding the prayer vein, because as you stop, you have these pauses; you can go up with a clog, then you'll pause and you can flow, and you know what is God-inspired prayer.
You flow with that river, and then when it stops, you stop.
You can pause, and sometimes you can keep going, but when you take those pauses and you wait on the Holy Spirit to keep pushing you in that river, you can go.
Otherwise, it's dry.
I'm not saying dry prayer is not any good prayer, but there is a difference between spirit-led prayer and dry prayer when you're trying to cultivate.
And there are a lot of people that just pray in that dry state, and you never reach that place of praying over into that river.
That's what I'm looking for.
It's like going to the doctor: if you're dehydrated, you sing and you sing, and then you'll hit it.
It's refreshing, like drinking water, like going to the oasis.
Surely the presence of the Lord is in this place; I can feel the brush of angels' wings, I see glory on each face.
Surely the presence of the Lord is in this place; I can feel his mighty power and his grace.
I can hear the brush of angels' wings; I see glory on each face.
Surely the presence of the Lord is in this place.
Father, we worship you.
Surely the presence of the Lord is in this place; I can feel his mighty power and his grace.
I can hear the brush of angel's wings; I see glory on each face.
Surely the presence of the Lord is in this place.
His blood can save the soul, heal the sick, mend the heart.
His blood can give you access to the very throne of God.
And it still can go the distance to where you are.
His blood is for you.
I see a vein, but it's not full.
I see Jonathan Cahn very clearly.
What about Jonathan?
I see the Harbingers.
What is he saying about the Moed?
I see him going to Church of His Presence.
I see John Kilpatrick.
Is he going there in September?
It's about the feast days.
I see this green evergreen bush.
It's the Harbingers.
I'm camped right at this word, 'The Harbingers.
' I'm camped at Jonathan Cahn.
There's something with this book, something with what the Lord is saying there.
It's highlighted with gold and looks like rock.
The Harbinger is with a rock; it looks almost like cobblestone, it's golden.
There are two lines that are attached to the Harbinger.
There are two black tubes attached to the beginning letter, and there's another one underneath here that I can't make out; it's not lit up.
There's a sign underneath it that's foggy with no lights on, but they're both powered for lights.
I see Jonathan Cahn's face, but underneath, 'The Harbinger' is lit up with marquee lights.
The Harbingers are lit up like that with a black cord.
Underneath it is another new word that's not lit up.
I cannot see it; it's fogged.
I believe it's a new book: The Mysteries.
The mysteries of the word, the mysteries in the scripture.
Writer's block is coming against this spirit.
We take authority over this; the mysteries of what you need, sir, are coming to pass.
When it's time, it will spring forth like a well, and the lights will come on.
There will be flowers springing up, but these flowers don't look good; they're plastic flowers.
It's a book.
So I see 9/11 and Rosh Hashanah.
I see America's flag on a building that has fallen.
I see a major building that has fallen.
A new Ground Zero.
Do you know?
It's about the two years, 2027 to 2028.
I see the Harbingers; they're coming.
But there's a Moed, the appointed time.
It is with the Harbinger and the appointed times.
I see this two-year window going into Rosh Hashanah on 9/11.
But I see a book concerning the mystery.
It's a mystery concerning the end of it all, America, and the beast system AI.
There's something bigger in 2026 to 2028.
I still see a new Ground Zero.
I see America, smoke, a building, and rubble.
I see the Harbingers.
Time is up.
The time of grace is up.
It's concerning finances and money—the harbingers of money.
You'll see a birthing of this.
I see 1929 and the 1930s.
The season of grace is up for the Harbingers.
When the light starts to flash, you know whenever it's trying to get power, when the ballast is trying to get power and it's flickering?
A light is flickering and about to come on.
I see the light about to flip on and 'The Harbinger' is still big and bold, but the bottom is starting to flicker.
I see the letter V.
It's the two-year window from 2026 to 2028.
I see the financial pouring, a window of this.
I see a shot of a green vial.
I see Trump.
I see a stimulation and a wealth transfer.
What will you do with the time I have given you?
I see a screw in the side of an engine with Teflon around it, like plumber's tape.
I see plumber's tape on a screw going into an engine.
We call forth a blessing.
Go into the time frame of September.
It's like when you hear an engine starting, like the crank of a starter.
I see a foundation being laid concerning this.
The time frame is up.
On the surface, it looks as gold as sand.
The foundation is a gold foundation for the glory.
It's a vast circle with levels.
It's the glory, sparkling like glitter.
I hear the word Moedim again.
Am I saying that right?
The Moedim, the appointed times.
I believe Sister Billie uses this word Moedim.
It's something to do with the Harbinger and the Moedim.
The Lord said the time frame is up.
I see Jonathan Cahn's face and September 11th of this time frame concerning Ground Zero.
A new Ground Zero.
I see Harbingers and time is up.
Down here is a flickering light of something new.
It looks like it's trying to power on, but there is a level—whenever you see a foundation of concrete that is perfectly smooth and level—this is the most beautiful concrete floor of gold, a golden foundation that is being uncovered.
I could see this.
It looked like it had been laid, but it was so smooth and there were layers of glory to it.
The foundation has layers to it.
But the first subfloor, the beautiful floor before it went up in a golden curb—it was a beautiful round circle that was completely even, like perfect, and it went up into another one.
And the Lord said, "That's what you're praying into.
" I could see the flag.
I could see America and decisions that are being made.
And then I saw a two-year window, but I saw financial blessing that looked like combines.
Harvesters, harvester equipment.
I saw a big John Deere combine.
They were cultivating, bringing it in, bringing it in.
But the Lord said this is finances, too.
Before that, I saw the 1930s, the 1929 crash, but I saw a big combine—a shot in the arm.
Finances.
A time frame.
Praying into the time frames for a wealth transfer.
Praying into this wealth transfer and the harbingers.
This is the most important word of the night: Moeds.
This is what I hear Him; it echoes in my right ear: Moeds, harbingers, the Moeds are coming.
It's over.
Time is up.
Time.
Moeds.
Appointed times.
Concerning the harbingers, the Shemitah cycle.
Praying over into the Shemitah cycle.
This is a harvesting time.
The Lord is going to give us two years.
Watch what God does.
It's a harvest time.
This will be the greatest harvest of times.
Harvest time for the harbingers, the harvesters, and the harbingers.
And I see the harvesters and the green combines.
And I see great silos, two twin silos.
The Lord says, "This is what I called you to pray through.
Pray it through for the greatest harvest.
" You'll see the greatest harvest.
You'll see the greatest manifestations of my glory.
The greatest manifestation for the harvest.
You're praying into the harvest.
He's talking about Rosh Hashanah, the Moeds, the appointed times.
Watch these appointed times.
They'll be surrounded by events.
I see an acceleration around these events.
It's God's calendar.
This is what He says: "This is my calendar.
It's harvest time.
It's the harbingers.
Don't get out ahead of me.
Stay in sync with me concerning the time.
Just stay and, like a soldier, march to the beat.
Stay in sync with me.
March to the beat.
Don't get out ahead of me.
Stay in sync with me.
" I just need a few of you to take the land.
It's not about the vast numbers.
I just need a few of you to take the land.
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
It's not about the numbers concerning the world harvest.
Do you understand?
That's what He said.
Just a few with a backbone across the land.
He doesn't have to have vast numbers.
He just has to have a yielded yes.
There are many here tonight that could change the world with just a yielded yes.
I don't know how many are here tonight, but I'm going to tell you this: as many as are here tonight could change the world.
8,000.
Just think what 8,000 of you could do if every single one of you was yielded and said, "Send me, Lord.
" All 8,000 of you.
God could change the nations just through this number.
You say, "Well, there's 8 billion.
" Well, there's 8,000 here.
He doesn't need a whole lot.
"No, God.
Here am I.
Use me.
" It's the harbingers.
It's the Moeds.
It's the time frames.
I see Jonathan Cahn's face even right now.
There are new books, new things.
But there's something about this next book.
There's writer's block and the devil doesn't want him to finish it.
There's something if he hasn't started it yet.
I see a faucet and he'll stand underneath an open heaven.
But it's concerning CHP with John Kilpatrick.
Again, the Lord has this church on my heart a lot.
Praying for this congregation and I pray for these people.
The same with Missouri, Branson, and Sister Billye, and Minnesota.
There is a major revival coming to Minnesota.
There's a major move of God coming to New York.
I believe it.
They might be dark, but I'm telling you, God is about to do something huge.
And all it takes is somebody.
It took one Billy Graham, but Billy Graham had his time.
Who is here for this next generation, right now?
There's something about 9/11 with this Moed.
There's something about 9/11.
I see a new ground zero.
I see a flag.
I see America burning.
I saw fire.
You know how the soldiers put the flag up on the hill in the Korean War?
That's the way it looks.
Oh God, do it again.
Shake the church, Lord.
Hold back no more.
Shake the church.
Shake the elders.
Shake the young.
Shake it all, Father, and let's go home.
Bring in the harvest, Lord.
One last call.
That's the way it is in the spirit realm.
Do you understand?
We're staking it.
Shake them all, Lord.
Wake them up, Father.
Shake them across the land.
"I've given you this time.
What will you do with this time?
The dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
What will you do with the time that I have given you?
I extended the time.
I had extended the time.
" And now I see the sand in the glass—it's over.
"I had extended the time," He said.
It's just barely any there.
It's golden sand that's sparkling with gold and it's barely there.
When it's right at the very end and you can see where it's pulling through the pit, it's golden and it's just barely there.
This is the time.
We're closing this up.
"What will you do with the time that I have given you?
Every day is precious.
Every hour, every minute, every second is precious.
What will you do with the time I have given you?
" It's interesting because there's something about the 15th, about 2025.
It's that time frame from right now to 2015, 2016.
It went from there to here we are in 2026, 2027.
That would be 12 years.
2015 to 2020, then 2020 until...
well, no, honey, that'd be 11 years this year.
From today, what is it about 2015?
Seven and seven is 14.
So, seven and seven from 2015.
Two time periods of two Shemittah cycles.
It's a two-year clock; it's a countdown.
Do you get that?
Is that 12 years?
That's just me trying to think it out in my mind, what I'm seeing.
So 12, 13, 14, 7, 14.
Two years, because he said a two-year window.
I've been praying over this from 9/11, praying into 9/11.
Now, this is just me talking to y'all, so don't throw rocks at me.
I was just talking because I see the hourglass.
He said, 'I'm giving you a harvest.
I see the combines.
' He said, 'Bring in the harvest.
' And when I had the visitation, I saw heaven about a month or two ago.
Brother Hagin said, 'The revival will last for two years.
What will you do with the time frame?
' Moeds, what will you do with the time frame on God's clock?
I saw a foundation for the glory.
September 11, 2020.
Rosh Hashanah.
What is it about the harbingers?
It would be a two-year window between the Shemittah cycle and 2028.
Is that the 14 years, 7, 14?
Yes, because he pointed out 2015.
He said, 'I've extended your time.
' I sing praises to your name, O Lord.
Closings of old chapters, getting ready for a brand new one.
This is the final chapter.
This is it.
The revival.
I saw those when I was looking at Jonathan Cahn's face in the spirit room.
I saw fireworks.
This is the finale.
I saw harvesters, the massive combines, and the fields were wheat fields as far as the eye could see.
And he said, 'It's not about the numbers.
' You're worried about how many?
No, there are 8,000 here.
There are 8 billion.
Just think about that.
I don't know what that is divided into anybody else because I'm not good at math like that in my mind.
But one person for how many is that?
A million?
No, 800.
Wow, that's a lot.
My mind goes, '100 million.
' Is that 100 million?
8,100 millions?
Correct.
So every 8,000 people get 100 million people in.
Is that right?
I believe so.
Why not?
September 11, 2015, was the 14th anniversary of 9/11.
And then they're saying 14 years from 2015 is September 2029.
So it's the Shemittah cycle.
That's the end of the Shemittah cycle.
It begins in 2028 to 2029.
The closing of it, on September 11, 2029.
Is that correct?
Each person would get a million people.
We can do that.
If all 8,000 get a million people...
Brandon's math is not very good, but I got close without having my phone with me.
But praise the Lord, we have a window.
What will you do with the time I have given you?
Are you trying to tell me that the Rapture is coming anytime soon?
I believe it's coming sooner than you think.
And if the Lord's prompted me about the harvest, 'Bring in the harvest.
' He said, 'I've extended your time.
I extended the time and now it's done.
This dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
' What does that tell you?
And he said, 'The harbingers, the Moeds, they're coming to an end.
This is the time frame.
' Watch this.
So, I don't know if Jonathan Cahn's going to write another book, but there's something to do with a Church of His Presence.
I don't know if he'll preach it there, or if there's some kind of major meeting that will happen there on 9/11.
I don't know.
But there's something significant with Jonathan Cahn tonight of what we're praying for, and praying for John Kilpatrick again, which is amazing.
September 20, 2028, through September 9, 2029.
Yes, the Shemittah cycle.
That's amazing, isn't it?
Israel became a nation in 1948, right?
They were recognized...
they became a nation in 1948 and then in 1967 something major happened; it was the Six-Day War.
I believe it was the 1973 Yom Kippur War.
Ah, y'all are better at this than me.
There's something about these time frames.
It might have been 1973, but there was something also that the president acknowledged them in the 60s.
I believe something happened that was important in 1967.
So that's what we're going from, the Shemittah cycle of this.
Is that correct?
Right.
But from 9/11, because I saw Ground Zero.
I don't want to keep speculating because you'll mess things up.
This is what I do off-camera when y'all are not on.
Braden and I bounce things off each other because I love numbers.
I love what the Lord's saying because he is so precise.
He even has a book in the Bible called Numbers.
I love just thinking about his return.
I get excited about it.
So I just sit here and we bounce things off: 'When do you think he's coming?
' I'm looking forward to him.
He's our Savior.
He's looking forward to us.
There are so many of you, if you die tonight, you don't even have a clue about what I'm talking about.
You don't even have a relationship with Jesus.
You won't even make it in the Rapture; you won't even make it into heaven.
You're bound to hell because you don't know him.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun tonight, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm telling you, this might be your appointed time.
If you're here tonight and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, we're so excited because he has changed our life.
He's the best thing that's ever happened to us.
And if you don't know him, you are so lost.
Tonight's your night to be found.
Tonight's your night.
Don't take another moment.
You may not have another opportunity.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work, the undertaker might be taking them off tonight.
Tonight might be your last opportunity.
If you say, 'Brandon, would you please pray for me?
' it would be an honor.
We pray for every single one of you to come to the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
If you want to rededicate your life to Christ, if you've been wayward, if you've been sinning and you want to come home tonight, tonight is your night.
I want to be all in as I see the signs of the times around me.
If that's you, put in the comment section right now, 'Tonight's my night.
I'm coming home.
' And just say this simple prayer: 'Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
' I repent of my sins.
I ask You to forgive me.
The Bible says, 'If I confess my sins, You are faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
' As of tonight, I turn my back on my sin.
I turn my back on the devil and the sin I was committing.
I say, 'Devil, I am no longer yours.
I belong to Jesus.
' I turn my back on false religions like Muhammad or Buddha or some other false god.
I do not serve them anymore.
I will only serve You, Jesus Christ.
Jesus, I ask You to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
From this day forward, I dedicate my life to You.
I dedicate my heart, my mind, and my emotions.
I dedicate everything to You.
It's all Yours.
Have Your way in me, Lord.
Thank You, Lord, that if I were to die now, I'll be with You in paradise forever, for You have forgiven me of my sins and I receive it by faith in Jesus' name.
Thank You, Lord, for what You did for me on that cross.
Thank You, Lord, that I am no longer a sinner, but I am saved by grace, and I am so thankful for what You did for me, Lord.
Amen and amen.
And if you say, 'Lord, I used to be wayward, but tonight I'm coming home,' I'm coming home, Lord.
I love You in Jesus' name.
I believe if you just said that prayer, as simple as it may be, I believe you were once lost, but now you're found.
You were blind, but now you see.
He saved a wretch like me, and He saved you.
Jesus loves you.
And so, I want you to go to the comment section and tell everybody, 'I got saved.
' Find a Bible-believing church like I'm talking about—the Church of His Presence, or Collinsville, or you can go to Glorious Church.
There are so many good churches.
I want you to go and get plugged in.
Read your Bible every day.
Get baptized.
Go tell the pastor there, 'I want to be water baptized.
' Get radically involved in that church, and it will change your life from the inside out.
Read the Bible every day and pray.
If you don't have a Bible, we will buy you your first Bible for free.
All you have to do is email us at the address in the description down below and just say, 'Hey, I got saved watching you.
Can I have my free Bible?
' My wife and I will send you a Bible.
We're behind on the Bibles—there have been a lot of salvations—but we are getting caught up and we will send these out to you.
We rejoice in your decision tonight to accept Jesus Christ.
But you've got to read that Bible; it will change you from the inside out.
And the more you read it, the more it will change you.
The entrance of His word brings forth light.
And if you're struggling with sin or struggling with things, get this word.
The Bible says that you'll know the truth and the truth will set you free.
It's the word of God that will set you free.
I don't know how many counselors we can go to; you can get on all kinds of things that try to help dope you down.
But I'm telling you, the more you get in this word, the word of God will change you from the inside out.
I'm telling you, it will change you.
You say, 'Well, I don't believe that.
' Try it.
Try it for 30 days.
Read the Bible for 30 days and be consistent.
Read Proverbs, read Psalms, whatever.
You could read 31 days of Proverbs—read a chapter every day for 31 days.
Read it all and get it down inside of you and it will change you.
And you're going to go, 'Brandon, my life is forever changed because of this.
' Do it for 30 days and see—a 30-day challenge.
Watch and see what God does.
So, we just want to love on you and tell you thank you for being here.
I don't know how many people got saved tonight.
How many got saved?
Oh, Braden's counting them.
He's doing his tally.
So, thank you for being here.
Don't you get excited about the soon coming of the Lord Jesus Christ?
I don't know; that's what we meditate on around here.
We just go, 'Oh, Jesus, when are you coming to get us?
' We're so excited.
We occupy until—all 29 of you that gave your hearts to Jesus Christ tonight, welcome home.
Twenty-nine people got born again tonight.
And so we're thankful for every single one of you.
We're so excited you liked and subscribed to be part of our YouTube channel.
Come back and pray with us.
All 29 of you, we're excited about you being here.
Praise the Lord.
Well, did this bless you tonight?
I think that's about it.
I'm excited to see what else the Lord shows us because I just...
I love this.
Moeds, harbingers.
What is the name underneath Harbinger that needs to be lit up?
Well, praise the Lord.
We love you all.
Thank you for joining us tonight.
I've kept you extra long, but that's okay.
I'm glad you're here.
And I pray you got refreshed.
We started a little earlier, so we didn't let you burn the midnight oil.
But we'll be back again tomorrow.
Until then, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.